{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red127\green127\blue127;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c57046\c57047\c57046;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8820\viewh10240\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs28 \cf0 # CozyDesk Bug & Improvement Log\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56350  UI Bugs\
- [ ] sticky notes default size not right.\
- [ ] drag sticker on another element, sticker in front. Click on the back element, the back element and it comes in front of new sticker. Click on anywhere else, desk, other elements, new sticker comes in front. I don\'92t want the clicking of other parts of desk influence the layers of sticker or elements.\
- [ ] \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - [ ] \
- [ ] \
- [ ] \
- [ ] \
- [ ] \
- [ ] \
- [ ] \
- [ ] \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
## \uc0\u9881 \u65039  Logic Bugs\
- [ ] \
- [ ] \
- [ ] \
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56481  Ideas / Enhancements\
- [ ] have every element on desk, when right click, send front/back etc.\
- [ ] when click x and there are items on the list or sticky notes.. \'91are you sure\'92 msg.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 - [ ] Replace freeform resizing of functional widgets (calendar, clock) with preset size options (small, medium, large, very large). Each size will have a consistent layout and functional logic, making it easier to manage and ensuring the interactive parts (date grid, clock time) don\'92t break when scaled.\
- [ ] Allow users to rotate functional widgets (calendar, clock) left or right in addition to choosing preset sizes (small, medium, large, very large). Rotation should apply to both the visual design and the functional part, so the calendar grid and clock hands remain aligned and usable at any angle.\
- [ ] adding note to calendar, box stays up. Click anywhere on desk to close it.\
\
## Pomodoro timer\
- [ ] Ensure Pomodoro timer handles Pause/Resume correctly: pressing Pause freezes countdown, pressing Start resumes from remaining time, pressing Reset always returns to full session length. At 0, alarm plays and timer auto-switches to next phase. If user changes session length in Settings mid-countdown, update remaining time immediately based on elapsed; if paused, reset to new full duration. Require pressing Enter to confirm new time, ensuring alarm still triggers correctly at 0. Add option for phase transitions: by default, timer auto-starts the next phase (work \uc0\u8594  break \u8594  work), with a setting to require manual start for next phase so users can choose between seamless rhythm or manual control.\
\
\
## Desk Save/Load\
\
- [ ] Place Save Desk button at the bottom of the sidebar, just above Change Theme controls. Clicking it opens a popup with options to save the current desk state, load previous saves, or delete saves. This keeps global layout actions grouped together and easy to find without cluttering the workspace.\
\
- [ ] Add save/load feature for entire desk state (stickers, reminders, todos, calendar, clock) via in-app popup. Users can create named save slots (e.g., \'93Morning Setup\'94), stored in localStorage, and reload or delete saves later. Optionally add Export/Import for portability. No computer file access required.\
\
- [ ] Add option for reminders and to-dos to be saved with desk state. By default, all items are included when saving/loading. Provide checkbox in save popup to optionally exclude reminders/todos if user wants a clean slate desk layout without tasks.\
\
- [ ] Add option to transfer reminders and to-dos when creating a new desk layout. By default, desk saves capture stickers, positions, and widgets. Provide checkbox in popup to keep existing reminders/todos in the new desk, so users can experiment with layouts without losing their tasks.\
\
\
\'97\'97\
Phase 2 \
\
##Theme switcher\
- [ ] Restructure project into `src/core/` for universal functionality and `src/themes/` for theme-specific assets/styles. \
  Steps:\
    1. Create new folder structure with `core/` and `themes/`.\
    2. Move Pomodoro, reminders, todos, save/load into `core/components/`.\
    3. Place helpers in `core/utils/` and layout rules in `core/layout/`.\
    4. Create separate theme folders (cozy, lofi, steampunk, cubicle) with assets/styles only.\
    5. Add dropdown selector to switch active theme.\
    6. Implement theme loader that maps dropdown selection to theme folder.\
    7. Test universal changes apply across all themes.\
    8. Add new themes by creating new folders in `src/themes/`.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\

\fs24 Phase 3\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf0 - [ ] Package CozyDesk as a standalone desktop app (Electron or native macOS). Users open it in its own window, separate from the browser, making it feel like a true desktop companion. Long-term: explore native macOS build for deeper integration (desktop widgets, Stickies sync, drag-to-desktop stickers).
\fs24 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \

\f1\i \cf2 Example entries: \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf2 # CozyDesk Bug & Improvement Log\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56350  UI Bugs\
- [ ] Timer start button looks too faint\
- [ ] Sticker drag feels laggy on iPhone\
- [ ] Calendar hover text misaligned\
\
## \uc0\u9881 \u65039  Logic Bugs\
- [ ] Pomodoro timer doesn\'92t reset after pause\
- [ ] Sticky notes don\'92t save after refresh\
- [ ] To-do list items duplicate when added quickly\
\
## \uc0\u55357 \u56481  Ideas / Enhancements\
- [ ] Add glow effect when hovering over props\
- [ ] Snap stickers to grid for easier placement\
- [ ] Seasonal theme switcher (cozy \uc0\u8594  lofi \u8594  steampunk)\
\
---\
\
### Workflow\
1. Play with the app \uc0\u8594  notice issue.\
2. Write it here under the right section.\
3. Go to the relevant code file \uc0\u8594  add a comment like:\
   ```js\
   // BUG: Timer doesn\'92t reset after pause\
   // Fix so that pressing Start always resets to 0}